Welcome back.
So how are we going to build this from scratch based on what we've learned so far?
Well, we're going to use bootstrap for this because we just learned it.
And I actually gave you some starter files attached to the last lesson.
If we take a look.
That's right.
We had a header image.
We had an index, a HTML file, and then a style CSS file.
So you can open these.
Make sure they're all in the same folder.
I called mine, start up with an exclamation mark because this is an exciting project and in our case,
we'll use sublime text.
We should have something like this.
So we have our index.html file, our style dot CSS and then our header image.
Now.
I filled in a few things for you just to get us started.
Nothing too crazy, though.
Don't worry.
One is we've used some Google fonts so that we can use this monserrat font, which I think is kind of
nice from the Google fonts, and we enable that in our stylesheet by saying body and HTML.
I want to make sure that the font family has this setting.
If not, we'll use sans serif.
I've also set width and height for 100%.
That's always something good to have to make sure that the body and HTML cover 100% of whatever we see
on the screen.
Next we have our bootstrap CCIS from a seed CDN or a content delivery network.
And the reason I've added this here is that so you don't have to actually include a bootstrap file yourself.
If I actually go to the bootstrap page and I go to Quickstart, you'll see that right here.
We can just copy and paste this, just like here with the bootstrap CSS file.
So that way, right away, as soon as we copy and paste this line, we have bootstrap available to us.
Now notice here how we have versions of bootstrap in this case is 4.3.1.
Now, this number, as the time passes, is going to get bigger and bigger because bootstrap is a constantly
evolving library as developers make updates.
But as long as you use a number higher than this, everything in this project should work.
Like I said, most of the time, no matter when you're watching this video, as long as you copy this
or you use my starter files, everything should work.
And then finally we have our stylesheet.
Nothing new here, right?
Because we've already seen this before.
We have our style CSS file and our style file just has this for now.
We also have our header image, which again is a nice little laptop image for our startup landing page.
Now this is the website over here that is completely blank because we have nothing in the body.
So let's just have a header, one that says hello right here.
Save it and refresh.
Look at that we have.
Hello.
Now, notice here how fast I did that.
I just pressed command R on my laptop, which is a mac.
If you have windows, it's control r to refresh the web page.
And you notice here that the font is being applied once again because we have our font family CSS set.
So there's our page, our setup, and there is what we want to get to.
Now, if you want, you can go off on your own and try to attempt to build this from scratch yourself.
Otherwise, I'll see you in the next video to actually get our page to look a little bit more like this
and less like this.
I'll see you in the next one.
Bye bye.